Your first assignment is to use GitHub to submit some autobiographical information about yourself.  Answer the following questions.  Use GitHub to submit the resulting text file.
1. What is your name?  
Tom Runkle

2. Why are you interested in Data Science?
I'm interested in Data Science because I'm a naturally curious person and love to dig into data to try and make sense of it and find answers to questions.  
I also love that it is interdisciplinary – to me it seems to be the perfect blend of computer science, statistics, and business – all used to solve really interesting problems. 
 
3. Tell us a little bit about your programming experience.  What programming courses have you taken?  Do you use programming on the job, and if so, how?
My early career, up until about 10 years ago, I was an app developer using mostly visual basic.  More recently I've taken two semesters of programming in a stats program, 
the first semester was split approx 30/70 between R and Base SAS.  The second semester was all SAS.  I also passed the base and advanced SAS programmer certifications and use primarily SAS at work.
I mostly use SAS to query and summarize data - mostly SQL.  During this summer, I also took the Udacity course - Intro to Java Programming as sort of a prerequisite to this program.    

4.  Tell us a little bit about your statistics experience.  What statistics courses have you taken?  Do you use statistics on the job, and if so, how?
I started an MS in Stats program back in 2012 at Texas A&M (the 2 SAS classes mentioned above were part of this),  I only completed one other course and that was 
Intro to Mathematical Statistics - I found it very challenging.  I had to put school on hold as I took a manager role at work and thought it would be too difficult to juggle - pretty sure I was right about that.  
But, I'm glad I did because it gave me a chance to reassess my goals and programs like this one got off the ground - which is more in line with the type of work I want to do.  Again, I really
enjoy the interdisciplinary nature of data science rather than the pure stats.  At work, I really only deal with summary type / descriptive statistics.  

5.  Do you have other experience with R or Python?
None with Python and just the 1/3 semester of R back in Spring of 2013 - I never really used it after that class so haven't retained too much.  

6.  What do you hope to learn in this class?
R and Python.  From what I know, I believe these are two of the most popular and powerful languages used by data scientists so I'm anxious to get familiar with them. I'm also
happy that we're using Github.  I've heard of it before but wasn't really sure what it was.  Quite honestly, there are a lot of terms / tools / programs etc. that folks use out in the world and at work when talking about data
science and it sometimes all sounds like gibberish so I'm happy to finally be getting some exposure to some of this stuff.   

7.  Is there anything else you would like to share with us?
I don't think so other than I'm happy to be here and excited for what I'm going to learn!